# Hearts for Jesus - Fundraiser

Hi, my name is Elvis Masaba. I was brought to life on 2nd August 1992 in Kakamega by my two parents namely Caxton Nyahela and Truphosa Inziani. I went through education and performed really well getting outstanding grades in all examinations through Primary to University. It was so unfortunate that I felt ill in 2013 and was taken to hospital where I got diagnosed to be having a mental illness named Schizophrenia and had to drop out of University failing to achieve a bachelors degree in the field of Computer Science. Various events took part during this period such that my mother also felt ill and died in 2014.

Since then I have been fighting through thick and thin to rise, out shine and stay alive even though I have a medical condition that requires close attention from both my parents. A doctor at Mathare Mental Hospital told me "being mad doesn't mean you can't work hard and become what you want to be in life, keep taking your medication and you won't believe it, you are going to grow very fat, have a wife, children and a very  successful happy life taking care of your family".

I would like to take this critical time of this year to tell every human being something important which they have to abide by each and everyday. God works in very many miraculous ways that no one is able to understand even me, myself and I. Am I not mad? Am I not writhing in hate? Am I not able to talk? Am I not a man enough based on my medical condition? Well, you don't have to answer these questions, you simply have to listen to what am about to tell you right now. God has been trying to take you out of the pains you are experiencing on your body organs for a very longtime now. Why don't you want me to work so that I can make myself money through hard work? It's a question which you always answer back in a way that no one in the correct state of mind can accept it to be the honest answer whenever it comes out of your mouth.

If you are reading this short but precise writing of the Lord your God. Please, send anything you have but not more than two hundred shillings to this MPESA Till Number 4343850. I do understand, there is someone who wants God to take away the pains he has inflicted on his/her body organs. It's usually caused by the actions of the person. Please, don't abuse me from today onwards its the main thing which inflicts pain on your body organs.

"May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all". (2 Corinthians 13:14)
